The following is a short story the beggar woman of locarno by Heinrich Von. Kleist presented by listen to genius.com narrated by Simon Vance.  The photo of the Alps Neil Econo Inn off of Italy students account. So the property of a Marquess of this from the same once he's now only the ashes and ruins and one of its high and spacious rooms that once lay on a bundle of straw which have been thrown down for her sick woman who come begging to the door and that being taken in and give him shelter out of pity by the Mistress of the castle.  The monk was returning from the hunt happened to enter this room what he usually kept his guns while the old woman lay there and angrily ordered her to come out of the corner with a bundle of straw have been place and to get behind the stove in Rising the old woman slipped on the polished floor and injured her spine severely so much that you had has held the only with unspeakable Agony. Could you manage to cross the room as she was ordered to think moaning behind the stove and that died?  Tell me about it later the Marquess sewing to Ward and bad Harvest having lost most of his fortune decided to sell his Estates one day a nobleman from Florence arrive to the COS of which on account of its beautiful situation. He wished to buy was very anxious to bring the business to a successful conclusion gave instructions to his wife to prepare for that guest to the above-mentioned room, which was nobody beautifully finished.  But imagine that horror when in the middle of the night the nobleman Halen distracted into that room solemnly assuring them that his room was haunted by something which was not visible sounded as if somebody lying on straw in one corner of the room got up and slowly and peebly but with a distinct steps crossed the room to lie down moaning and groaning behind the stove the Marquess horrified. He did not himself know why I lost with Forest management of the noblemen and said he would get off at 1 so keep him company for the rest of the night in the haunted room for the nobleman beg to be allowed to spend the rest of the night in another room and when the morning K and he ordered his horses to be brought round bade farewell and deposited.  This incident which created a great sensation on Happily for the mark with frightened away several would be about as I went among his own seventh strangely and mysteriously the rumor arose that queer things happened in the room at midnight. He determined to make a definite stand in the matter and who investigated himself the same night.  For that reason he had his bed moved into the room at Twilight and walks there without sleeping until midnight.  To his horror as the clock began to strike midnight. He became a way out of the mysterious noise. It sounded as though somebody Rose from straw which Russell's beneath him crossed the room and sank down sighing and groaning behind the stove.  The next morning when he came downstairs his wife and quiet while he had discovered. He looked around with nervous and traveled glances at all fastening. The door is shorter that the rumor was true.  The Marquis was more terrified than ever in her life and begged him before the room. I grew to make a cold blooded trial in her company.  Accompanied by a loyal seven. They spent the Halloween night in the room and her the same goes through noises. I don't let a pressing need to get rid of the castle at any cost enable the Marquis in the presence of a 7/8 mother of the tenant which she felt how to put the noise down to some old memory and Casualty event, which it would be easy to discover.  On the evening of the third day as both of them with beating Hearts went up the stairs to the gastro anxious to get to the cause of the disturbance. They found that the Watchdog who happen to a being let off his chain was standing at the door to the room so that without giving a definite reason both perhaps unconsciously wishing to have another living thing in the room besides themselves. They took him into the room with them about 11 or two of them two candles on the table. The Marquis is fully addressed the Marquess with Dad go to the pistol, which he had taken from the cupboard beside him down one on each bad while the entertains one another as well as they could buy talkin the dog lay down his head on his paws in the middle of the room and slept.  As the clock began to strike midnight the horrible sound again somebody whom human eyes could not see he raised himself on crutches in the corner of the room the straw could be heard rustling beneath him handle the first step the dog woke bricktop he is he is bruised from the ground growling and barking and just as though somebody were making straight for him moved backwards towards the stove last night the Monkees Rising rushed from the room and while the Marquess so it's not stop his dad called. Who is that like a mad woman had to order the coach to be determined to drive a ways out of town immediately in flames.  The Marquess overcome with horror. I'm tired of Life had taken a candle and set fire to the wooden paneling on all sides in vain to send people in to rescue The Wretched Man are already found his and in the most horrible manner possible that is white bones gathered together by his people still live in that corner of the room from which he wants older the beggar woman of locarno to rise.  This is Simon van. So listen to genius.com. Thank you for listening. This audio program is called where I could buy Redwood audiobooks permission is granted to download for personal use only not for distribution or commercial use